1. What was easy about this assignment?
None

2. What was challenging about this assignment, or parts that you couldn’t get working correctly?
At first, we had some difficulty planning the structure of the neural network class, thinkng about functions we needed and what we didn't, and computing 
the errors and the outputs of the hidden and output units. However, we were able to meet up and resolve those issues by brainstroming together as a group. 

3. What did you like about this assignment?
We enjoyed working together as we had a good group dynamic. We also enjoyed implementing the backpropagation learning algorithm, observing and analyzing 
the graphs that were generated and overall learning indepth about multi-level neural networks.

4. What did you dislike about this assignment?
None

5. How did your team function, including details such as what each team member contributed, 
how the team communicated with each other, and how team software development & design was accomplished?
Our group worked in multiple ways.We all met up together to complete task 1 as a group, which was to implement the neuralnetwork.py. We all worked on it by using the VS live share extension so we all came up with the structure of the class together. Indiviually, Amulya and Lana worked on the trainOnExampleLana, and updateNetwork Weights. Vihan and Luke worked on backward and forward propagation functions, the error computations and the output for the hidden and output units. Luke worked on the code for graphing the epochs and values emitted by hidden units. We all met up and worked together to evaluate and test all remaining tasks including task2.py where we all worked on it together to write the code using the VS live share extension. We all contributed to the write-ups and the README and all met up multiple times to brainstorm, debug, document and analyze the code together as well as work on the analysis for task 4.


6. What did you learn from this assignment?
We learned how to implement the backpropagation learning algorithm, observing and analyzing  the graphs that were generated and overall learning indepth about multi-level neural networks. Even though, we had learned about the backpropagation learning algorithm and multi-level neural networks in class it was very educational to see implement it ourselves and analyze our results. Additionally, We refined our Python programming skills. We reinforced our understanding of neural networks and our understanding of learning algorithms in general. We practiced working collaboratively with Git. 
